Rework IAM documentation for directory buckets (#1455)
awslabs/mountpoint-s3: doc/CONFIGURATION.md

   ]
}
```
Mountpoint also respects access control lists (ACLs) applied to objects in your S3 bucket, but does not allow you to automatically attach ACLs to objects created with Mountpoint. A majority of modern use cases in Amazon S3 no longer require the use of ACLs. We recommend that you keep ACLs disabled for your S3 bucket, and instead use bucket policies to control access to your objects.

### Directory buckets

> Directory buckets, introduced with the S3 Express One Zone storage class, use a different authentication mechanism from general purpose buckets.

Reviewer: I think we should introduce XOZ in relation to the session-based auth, not directory buckets, since we now have Z-IA.

Reviewer 2: We will leave this as-is for now.

> Directory buckets, introduced with the S3 Express One Zone storage class, use a different authentication mechanism from general purpose buckets.

Reviewer 2: I have wrote small unit test in mountpoint to verify this. (CRT already has unit tests for this)

| Class probed | Bucket | Resolved URL | auth.scheme | signing_name |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| GP bucket (control) | `amzn-s3-demo-bucket` | `https://amzn-s3-demo-bucket.s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com` | `sigv4` | `s3` |
| S3 Express One Zone (AZ) | `amzn-s3-demo-bucket--use1-az4--x-s3` | `https://….s3express-use1-az4.us-east-1.amazonaws.com` | **`sigv4-s3express`** | `s3express` |
| S3 Express, other AZ | `amzn-s3-demo-bucket--usw2-az1--x-s3` | `https://….s3express-usw2-az1.us-west-2.amazonaws.com` | **`sigv4-s3express`** | `s3express` |
| Local Zone (LAX) | `amzn-s3-demo-bucket--usw2-lax1-az1--x-s3` | `https://….s3express-usw2-lax1-az1.us-west-2.amazonaws.com` | **`sigv4-s3express`** | `s3express` |
| Local Zone (BOS) | `amzn-s3-demo-bucket--use1-bos1-az1--x-s3` | `https://….s3express-use1-bos1-az1.us-east-1.amazonaws.com` | **`sigv4-s3express`** | `s3express` |
| Dedicated LZ-style (synthetic) | `amzn-s3-demo-bucket--usw2-dlz1-az1--x-s3` | `https://….s3express-usw2-dlz1-az1.us-west-2.amazonaws.com` | **`sigv4-s3express`** | `s3express` |
| Z-IA (One Zone IA) shape | `amzn-s3-demo-bucket--use1-az5--x-s3` | `https://….s3express-use1-az5.us-east-1.amazonaws.com` | **`sigv4-s3express`** | `s3express` |
| Directory-bucket access point | `amzn-s3-demo-bucket--use1-az4--xa-s3` | `https://….s3express-use1-az4.us-east-1.amazonaws.com` | **`sigv4-s3express`** | `s3express` |
| Other ends-x-s3 (near miss) | `ends--with--xx-s3` | `https://….s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com` | `sigv4` | `s3` |
| Anything ending `-x-s3` | `myfunbucket-x-s3` | `https://….s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com` | `sigv4` | `s3` |
| No suffix (normal) | `my-directory-bucket` | `https://….s3.us-east-1.amazonaws.com` | `sigv4` | `s3` |

Instead of using `s3:*` actions, you should allow the `s3express:CreateSession` action.
This will allow Mountpoint to perform create `ReadOnly` and `ReadWrite` sessions which allow Mountpoint to perform any supported operation against the bucket.
Thus, there is no fine-grained access control using a directory bucket in an AWS Availability Zone.
However, when using Mountpoint with access points for directory buckets, there are further possible configuration options, allowing you to be more granular in specifying which operations are allowed.
Please refer to the [AWS Userguide](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/access-points-directory-buckets-policies.html) for the permissions you can grant and example policies.

> Here is an example of least-privilege policy document.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of a least-privilege bucket policy granting read-write, session-based access to the directory bucket.
```
